hello and welcome to this app review
we're gonna be looking at trains today
okay so when you come up to the main
menu here you come up here see I already
have one started so I'm gonna go to the
menu the controls are really hard to
press goodness no okay so as you can see
I'm trying to get out of surveyor like
that so you're gonna go to routes here
and then press the button that looks
like a globe up here create route and
then you're gonna be asked to give it a
name so backspace so let's call it
YouTube okay so once you start here the
thumbsticks that control the one on the
left brain through around one on the
right rotates your view in the slider
what does your zoom so once we start
with the tabali apology topology tools
right there this button right here what
that looks like a hump that goes up this
your height and let's rate this radius
determines how big and sensitivity
determines how hot determines how fast
it does it and this hump that goes down
brings you land down like this and this
button lets you drag it up and down to
get that little splotch you need so now
we're just gonna go around and on the
iPad if you make the radius too little
it will make this pointy edge so make
sure your radius is pretty big if you
want nice smooth land is that anytime
you don't like anything you've done
there's an undo button here at the top
so I cannot do all the way back to the
beginning that so we're just gonna make
some nice little land here and then this
height down button we're gonna draw this
over it okay here you have the height
button where you can get the height and
just flatten land out this water button
here then paint water over it'll start
out as squares but once you drag it down
it'll respond to you later like here if
I draw far enough the water will start
to disappear so once I draw over it
it'll respond as pumps this is the paint
tab here you can select a texture and
just draw all around your train route
the next button down here's the objects
tab where I can take an object and just
add objects in like a tree next button
down is the track this is what we meant
this is what the main game is about so
I'm gonna make a big long bridge it's at
the very top first track you see and so
when you get to bridge go down to the
bottom you'll see one track or two track
for in this case we'll take one track
it's gonna go back here when you have a
bridge you click and you want to put
some track on you click on the yellow
circle and come around see how the rail
goes underground we'll worry about that
later but for now we'll just draw a
track so we're just gonna make it a
little bit farther around here
and we're just gonna ring it around to
the other end and attach it to there
alright so when we come back to over
here where the rails go underground like
this all you see is the rail the
Advanced tab the Advanced tab right here
you can press and this button with
online in two dots right here you press
that and click on any rail that goes
underground or any rail at all and it
just flattens it out to the top of the
surface so now we have a Queen rail here
who's who can use for roars here like
right there and that cameras I don't
really work with and routes these are
where you can do your layers and session
layers now we get to trains select an
engine like this one go in like this and
so we're gonna and you're far down to
the ground it gets very sensitive so I'm
gonna bring it down like this so we're
gonna start off with a baggage car also
at the top - bad - baggage cars then
we're gonna do a chair to chair cars
dining car and then a pleasure dome for
sleeping and such and then a Pullman and
then there's a caboose in here right
here here's a caboose and so there if
you'd like to save you can save with
this button right here if you press the
man up there
it's called driver you can save and
start driver
here's where you can select cab mode or
DCC mode Cabot cab mode is broken it
doesn't work at all
consists this is a where you can view
your trains and is assists for now this
mine is called Andrew new train actually
gives you a lot of colonists that you
can select and put down on your track
drivers this gives you the list of
drivers throughout the game and commands
is where you command what you available
driver commands for example when we
click on this green arrow down here we
can we have these commands so I can
press Drive and I can press stop it up
here's where I can control how fast it
goes the horn which doesn't really work
at all and these buttons the train also
has a light on the front engine there
you can see it right there right there
and this is trains experiment with it
for a little while and you'll get the
hang of it